# card-game

## Game Bits:

64 cards

4 languages

4 topics for each language (4 groups)

4 terms (or things) in each topic

## Victory Conditions

The winner of this game has 2 full groups of a topic (4 cards of the same topic
and two of these groups).

## Rules

1. All cards must have their language face up and card description face down.
Shuffle the cards.

2. Place the deck of cards in the center of all players. Players should sit in a
circle.

3. Randomly choose a player to be the questioner.

4. The questioner takes one (1) card from the top of the deck.

5. The questioner then asks the question on that card, whilst hiding the
question from the other players' views. He or she must ask the question clearly
and carefully at a steady pace, and prepare for fast actions ahead. You can use
this time to chat, just don't start asking the question.

6. If the questioner does not ask the question clearly (be fair to the
questioner), the questioner places that card back and places any 1 of their own
cards back into the deck and reshuffles the deck. The next player in the circle
(go clockwise) is now the questioner, and starts at step 4.

7. Immediately after the question ends. The questioner counts to 4 in 4 seconds
out loud, silently, or with fingers, while the other players have 4 seconds to
answer (they can use fingers or say the answer out loud). They only have one
chance to answer, if they fail on their first attempt, ignore them.

8. If the questioner forgets to keep track, the questioner places that card back
and places any 1 of their own cards back into the deck and reshuffles the deck.
The next player in the circle (go clockwise) is now the questioner, and starts
at step 4.

9. The player which gives the correct answer to the questioner first (they can
use fingers or say the answer out loud), gets to keep the card in their deck
after the questioner shows the card to everyone else.

10. The questioner must show the card to everyone else in step 8.

11. The player which gave the correct answer places it description side up and
in front of them, next to the group with the same topic. The next player in the
circle (go clockwise) is now the questioner, and starts at step 4. You can use
this time to chat.

12. If the questioner read out the question wrongly or accepted an answer
wrongly, the questioner places that card back and places any 1 of their own
cards back into the deck and reshuffles the deck. The next player in the circle
(go clockwise) is now the questioner, and starts at step 4.

13. If no one answers correctly, the questioner shows the card to everyone else.

14. If the questioner read the question wrongly or accepted an answer wrongly,
the questioner places that card back and places any 1 of their own cards back
into the deck and reshuffles the deck. The next player in the circle (go
clockwise) is now the questioner, and starts at step 4.

15. If really no one answered correctly, the questioner then places the card
into their deck.  They place it description side up and in front of them, next
to the group with the same topic. The next player (go clockwise) is now the
questioner, and starts at step 4.

16.  The winner of this game has 2 full groups of a topic (4 cards of the same
topic and two of these groups). They should inform the others that they have
won.

17. If nobody obtains 2 full groups after all the cards have been taken,
everyone returns all of their cards and the game restarts until there is a
winner.
